How many hours do you have? I have made so many mistakes in my career,
Um, both in my education in my, you know, early jobs in my job. Now
I make mistakes all the time. Um, I think that the thing that's constant
about all of the mistakes that I have made, or at least one of
the big themes and all of the mistakes that I have made is that they
have resulted from decisions that I have made based on what other
people think I should dio as opposed Thio listening to myself and what
I think is right for me. Usually when I make decisions based on what's
right for me, those work out well when I make decisions based
on what other people think I should dio. Those tend not to work out
as well with some notable exceptions. But I'm just, you know, listen
to what you want be guided by your interests and what works for you.